### Observations during Diwali holidays
This year was not the first time I spent my Diwali holidays away from home but as always the thing that stayed with me the most during this time was neither the blindingly beautiful lights, nor the close people I missed having beside me but instead the jarring loud noises of firecrackers. If anything it felt worse this year, which I assume is because I spent it here in Bangalore instead of my relatively smaller and quieter hometown.
So I wanted to make something with noise and the damage it causes to people (and even animals for that matter). I don’t think that people aren’t allowed to have fun with crackers during festivals but they also need to realize that their little fun moment can be a big cause of annoyance and trouble for others in their surroundings. With this thought in my mind, I thought it’d be interesting to portray the contrast in people’s lives regarding firecracker, a thing that’s basically a huge part of celebration that can also turn into something harmful.

### How the game poem is created and played
The game poem starts with a set of dragging mouse interaction. By doing so the player will light up three firecrackers, one that barely has any noise, one with a little more noise and a last really loud one. The last loud firecracker then will eventually turn into waves. The player by pressing ‘right arrow’ will make the waves move forward. As it goes by, the waves become messier and the background becomes more noisy and irritating. At last there will be a visual showing the wave travel into a person’s right ear and come out as blood from the left one.
That’s for the whole thing that’s playing out. As for the code, I first started with separate scenes- one that has the drag interaction, next the soundwave scene and at last the bleeding animation playing out. I used sin() function to add the variety in the soundwaves.

### Explanation of the game poem
It’s as simple and straightforward it looks. I wanted to show the before and after and two different sides of people regarding loud firecrackers. First the player is asked to light up firecrackers one by one sorted by the loudness and they have no choice but to light it anyway. And after the buildup they’re made to see how the beautiful firework turns into sound waves, first somewhat tolerable to ears but then gradually turning more ugly and irritating and eventually making the player disturbed as the sound causes someone to bleed from their ears. Here the same person is the one who lights up the crackers and also suffers from it- thus making them aware of the damage diwali fireworks cause to others.
